Index would have header, footer, and navigation PHP files. 
Index: Newsfeed where users would be updated on friends' and their own posts. 
Textbox section where users can create their own post and upload photos/videos, add a feeling/activity, live video, ask for recommendations,
start a watch party, tag friends, check in, and support a non-profit.

When posting/showing feed the server would connect to the database shown in Table 4: feed_table to organize and display feed posts. 
When tagging friends in a post the server would connect to the database shown in Table 2: friends_list to show possible friends names to tag in post.

Search feature: On the index/top of navigation users will be able to search for other users to friend.
When searching for a user the server would connect to database shown in Table 3: all_users.
A user would then be able to send a friend request. 
If accepted the friend's data in the all_users table would be copied to the friends_list database. 
If denied the request would disappear from the users view and nothing would change with the databases. 
If blocked the data would be entered in Table 7: blocked_users. 
The search feature would also allow users to view other users profile pictures and feeds connecting to Table 1 and Table 4 of the searched user.
Table 1: profile_table would display a user's name, picture, and profile pciture.
Table 4: feed_table would display that user's specific feed. 

Friend Requests: On the index/top of navigation users will be able to see notifications of friend requests. 
A user would be able to see a friend request by the server connectng to Table 5: incoming_requests. 
If accepted the friend's data in the all_users table would be copied to the friends_list database. 
If denied the request would disappear from the users view and nothing would change with the databases. 
If blocked the data would be entered in Table 7: blocked_users. 

Suggested Friends: During a search or on the users newsfeed they are able to see suggested friends. 
The server would need to connect to database Table 6: suggested_friends to display these options. 
From there a user would be able to access their profiles and feeds connecting to Table 1 and Table 4 of the suggested user.
Table 1 would display a user's name, picture, and profile pciture.
Table 4 would display that user's specific feed. 

Messages: On the index/top of navigation users will be able to see notifications of messages and pokes. 
Users would be able to recieved messages and pokes from friends and others depending on their settings. 
These would use different databases depending on settings to allow users to find and communicate with each other. 
